Hello. My name is Senior Chief Celery Twitty. I've been in the Navy for
19 years. I'm actually stationed at Naval Operational Support Center,
San Jose in California. My job here is to help sailors, something
I've always loved to do. I have six Children, five boys and one girl
and a granddaughter. I came in the Navy in Akron, Ohio, As a reservist.
I did two years of reserve time after I did my reserve time.
It was your 9 11. I went to boot camp in October. In boot camp. I did
everything I was supposed to do. Graduated and from there on, I came
back home and they re called me the active duty because of 9 11.
What that mean was I was at the reserve center taking care of sailors
ordering different supplies for them. I realized I want to do something
different. So I went after duty, full time support. After coming
on as an active duty sailor, I went to a ship in Ingleside, Texas.
I was on the ship for three years. As a culinary specialist, I realized
I wanted to change my rate to something different as well. So
that's one of my commanding officer told me. He said, If you pass on
your inspections outside, off on you, to change your rate took hospital
Cormack. And that's exactly what I did from hospital. From from
leaving the ship, I went directly to hospital course school. That's
where I was the second class and hospital course school. I left there
and went to our D. C. I went to Great Lakes, one of my favorite jobs
being in our d. C. I went there like I said in the beginning, as
a second class from there, I made first very quickly, and I left Great
Lakes as a chief, which is one of the greatest milestones in my
life. I am now here at Naval Operational Support Center here in San
Jose, California and I am the senior enlisted leader. I spent a lot
of time taking care of sailors taking care of my commanding officer
and my excel